README.md, before:

# ios-learning-resources

To contribute to this repository, see the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

## Websites

### [Learn to code with Apple](https://developer.apple.com/learn/curriculum/) - Free and Paid Content

> This is Apple's own website that has several resources to assist the developer. From XCode instructions, fundamental content to professional courses offered by Apple itself.

### [iOS and SwiftUI for Begineers](https://www.raywenderlich.com/ios/paths/learn) | Paid Content


## YouTube Contents

### [CodeWithChris](https://www.youtube.com/c/CodeWithChris) - English 

> The largest dedicated iOS tutorial channel on YouTube! Learn how to make an app with Swift, SwiftUI and Xcode. With over 17 million video views and 7 years of teaching online, Chris help you turn your app idea into a reality!

### [Lets Build That App](https://www.youtube.com/c/LetsBuildThatApp) - English

> At LetsBuildThatApp, Brian do his best to teach you how to build working apps from the AppStore, i.e. YouTube, Facebook, FB Messenger, etc. Go beyond making simple blog and calculator apps to explore how professionals create million dollar projects.

### [Paul Hudson](https://www.youtube.com/c/PaulHudson) - English

> Paul is a full-time Swift author and speaker, and he runs the site Hacking with Swift where you'll find well over a thousand free tips, techniques, and tutorials for Swift.

### [Sean Allen](https://www.youtube.com/c/SeanAllen) - English

> Sean uploads three videos per week about Swift and iOS Development from an iOS Engineer in Silicon Valley. Tutorials, VLOGs, Interview Questions, and LIVE on Sundays.


## Courses and Learning Platforms

### [Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/) - English and Portuguese | Free and Paid Content

> Udemy is the leading global marketplace for teaching and learning, connecting students anywhere with the best instructors around the world.

### [Udacity](https://www.udacity.com/) - English | Paid Content

> Udacity is an online education provider that offers online courses, popularly known as “MOOCs” or Massive Open Online Courses.

### [Stanford - CS193p - Developing Apps for iOS](https://cs193p.sites.stanford.edu/) - English | Free Content

> This course explains the fundamentals of how to build applications for iPhone and iPad using SwiftUI.

Commit message:

Include iOS academy to youtube channels

README.md, after:

# ios-learning-resources

To contribute to this repository, see the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

## Websites

### [Learn to code with Apple](https://developer.apple.com/learn/curriculum/) - Free and Paid Content

> This is Apple's own website that has several resources to assist the developer. From XCode instructions, fundamental content to professional courses offered by Apple itself.

### [iOS and SwiftUI for Begineers](https://www.raywenderlich.com/ios/paths/learn) | Paid Content


## YouTube Contents

### [CodeWithChris](https://www.youtube.com/c/CodeWithChris) - English 

> The largest dedicated iOS tutorial channel on YouTube! Learn how to make an app with Swift, SwiftUI and Xcode. With over 17 million video views and 7 years of teaching online, Chris help you turn your app idea into a reality!

### [Lets Build That App](https://www.youtube.com/c/LetsBuildThatApp) - English

> At LetsBuildThatApp, Brian do his best to teach you how to build working apps from the AppStore, i.e. YouTube, Facebook, FB Messenger, etc. Go beyond making simple blog and calculator apps to explore how professionals create million dollar projects.

### [Paul Hudson](https://www.youtube.com/c/PaulHudson) - English

> Paul is a full-time Swift author and speaker, and he runs the site Hacking with Swift where you'll find well over a thousand free tips, techniques, and tutorials for Swift.

### [Sean Allen](https://www.youtube.com/c/SeanAllen) - English

> Sean uploads three videos per week about Swift and iOS Development from an iOS Engineer in Silicon Valley. Tutorials, VLOGs, Interview Questions, and LIVE on Sundays.

### [iOS Academy](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnksRRifsSCGUZpQukUKAyg) - English

> Afraz is a current Microsoft Engineer and share all that he have learned over the years!


## Courses and Learning Platforms

### [Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/) - English and Portuguese | Free and Paid Content

> Udemy is the leading global marketplace for teaching and learning, connecting students anywhere with the best instructors around the world.

### [Udacity](https://www.udacity.com/) - English | Paid Content

> Udacity is an online education provider that offers online courses, popularly known as “MOOCs” or Massive Open Online Courses.

### [Stanford - CS193p - Developing Apps for iOS](https://cs193p.sites.stanford.edu/) - English | Free Content

> This course explains the fundamentals of how to build applications for iPhone and iPad using SwiftUI.
